fix(gen): fixed slack broken links and wording MTA-7434 (#6819)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/vpc/faq.mdx

### Do non-IP protocols work over Private Networks?

> Technically, any Ethernet payload should work over Private Networks. However, only IPv4 and IPv6 are officially supported. If you have real use cases for other protocols, let us know by reaching us on the [Scaleway Slack community](https://scaleway-community.slack.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Technically, any Ethernet payload should work over Private Networks. However, only IPv4 and IPv6 are officially supported. If you have real use cases for other protocols, let us know by reaching out to us in the [Scaleway Slack community](https://scaleway-community.slack.com/).
```
